CC:
    greatest challeange in th echurch today is not persectuion it is un cooperation
    unity is what we should strive for as a Church
    the gospels did not summarize the number of people he fed, but the character of 
    god which was revealed
    matthew 9:35

    how do we do this ina  way that is fostering cooperation, and explicitly evangelical, 
    e.g. hanging from the tree of the gospel

    there are a lot of connections already, we have to take advantage of those
    this might be a problem of abundance

    one of the angles of the conversation 

    how do we help advance the kingdom of god, that is long term and larger
    scale than just one saturday

    what if we were to be used by god for the poepl eof spokane
    "we are aiming for something but are we going anywhere"
    the church has 400 people, 10 churches = 4000 people, that's some real power to be used be god

    let organizations know when we refer people to them, use this as a bridge for cooperation

    we dont need to reinvent the wheel -> we need to talk to UGM and other organizations about what
    their plans are so that we can come alongside them in the battle

    Is indian trail church positioning itself to do something about this?
    Is this something that the church is considering doing?

    Our church tends to support the vision and not step into the vision.
    we need a scope (time on the scope); the church is very seasonal

    within the context of indian trail `lower c church` right now, we have to speak that language.
    the church is in a time when everything has to be concentrated on the church
    if we want to be something that is a part of the church, we have to speak their language

    I want to be part of something with the plan of ITC centered on Christ
    administration behind the scenes to make this happen
    how do we make sense of this overall of all this? 
    we are all stores of the gifts of God
    how do we fit into the larger context of this type of ministry

    all that with UGM is great, we dont need to be over them or under them, we need to be coordinated

    may be more or less formal

    what you do is as important as what you dont do

    mission drift, where the mission changes over time. We have to lift our heads and see the larger context

    there are so few of us concerned with these things, we cannot step on their toes! we have to coordinate

    to city council: we are a group of churches that has this burden, here is our plan modelled after 
    the plan laid out by the church in seattle (or wherever) which had this much success and this is how
    we see it happening...

    is this a season where god is calling other people in spokane to do this?

    American way: go for a metting, present a strategy, etc. This is a corporation
    rest of the world way: relational, organically grown and spreads through a network of friends. this
        is a family run business

LC:
    If I am called to do something, we are the church.
    we as the members of the church doing things /are/ the church.
    How do we give this a chance at being a wave for the church?
    Prayers went out, and by his good grace he will acomplish what he wants

AM:
    1. as I have seen in haiti, I have not seen in Spokane: I think there is room to grow
    2. separation between the serving and the served: how do we tear down that wall
    3. referring to the UGM breaks our level of permanence
    4. existing network for en christo, what is that mission
    5. We are in great need of an identity outside of Whitworth and en christo, how the micro connects to the macro
    
    there are several people in ITC that have more experience in this and we need to seek their council in this
    we need to have another round table with those people to hash out the details and answer questions

    UGM and other places at capacity or not

LL:
    physical agitation by homeless people is a real problem -> This problem is growing and 
    Spokane is not ready for it
    
    coronary christianity such that our presence is consistent and meaningful long term

    for god this is always in season... Are the people here getting in line with what is God's heart?

KL:
    This gives people a structure through which we can mobilize motivation by the members
    If we do a comparison between UGM and the church
    we are not equiped as the church to deal with everything that is in front of us

    if we give him a poorly functioning thing with our unity, he will take that and use it
    he can use whatever we give him

AF:
    My m.c. group from Soma might be interested in joining us in this ministry downtown,
    and it could be a connection point for Soma as a church to cooperate with us

Conclusions:
    we all have resonating concerns, burdens, and motivations
    there are many others in the church that are similarly burdened that need to know about all this
    we need to look at models of plans of other locations and how they are succeeding and failing
    we need to see their strategies
    we can really make something happen with this
    ownership is important
    do we have metrics on any of this? Conversations had vs lunches given vs gospel shared vs ...
    new washington seems to be the priority; street is a different kind of priority

Action Steps:

1. contact UGM and get a formal document with their mission for the next two(?) years (scoped, motivated)
2. Round table with other equipped members of ITC one week from today
3. I need to set aside one hour a day to write
4. ask someone else to write a paper on this to convince this. Someone else is burdened on this and is motivated
5. Prayer is the first thing
