
Goal is to redo as little work as possible
Should we do this? We need to ask UGM and such

Talking points:

1. Current plan
    committed to once a month so far
    from home group
    ~6 people per saturday right now
    other people supporting with goods
    6/15
    7/27
    8/17
    8/31

    supplement from another home group
    phone call list
    email list

2. Teams
    3-4 not coming for ministry, but willing to work to provide
    Just getting in contact with SOMA small groups
    SOMA scatterings -> this ministry
    greek orthodox church as well

3. Finances
    How do we plug into the UGM system for donating resources?
    How do we target our own areas?
    Larry Lee: At least for summer, might be beneficial to just do lunches to
        keep things simple.
    Kathy Lee: Should we include information referencing other resources in the area?
        For example, UGM addresses, phone numbers, etc, or should we ourselves be the
        resources.
    Rachael: Map of resources with locations and what they have there,
        some sort of master list
    Alex: SOMA office at World Relief right on the way downtown, may
        be able to hold some things there as donations.
        May be a good resource for people and resources.
        Lot of young families that may be able to contribute by providing
        things, making cookies, etc.
    Sophia:
        EWU involvement must involve some more people from eastern, not
        just sophia and asher.
        So far EWU has only been involved in the distribution side of things
    Carlos: daughter involved in spokane CC government, maybe gonzaga involved.

4. UGM Convenant
    Stan: UGM is asking churches to agree to this?
        we need more specifics to get fully behind this
    Kathy: Difficult / impossible for people to stay in recovery
        in a drug culture
        about 60% success rate in job placement
        thu/fri going to UGM training, comprehensive way to approach fighting
        poverty. We can get training materials and such from them
        How do we incorporate grace into this?
        Grace blitz
    Asher: Resume bolstering and pulling people into jobs
    Carlos: Anyone will agree with this, we need to have lots of specifics
        for how we will deal with this.
        How will we as a church contribute?
        The centrality of the gospel seems to be missing in the UGM document.
        Jesus didnt want people to follow him only when he fed them, but to have the words of life
        How do we get these people to be our brothers?
        the heart of our message is the gospel. How do we ensure they get this and keep
        it central while we see to their physical needs?
        One of the things we can do as the church is provide the gospel,
        and we also have friends within the church that can provide references
        and jobs for people pulling them out of where they are. This is risky, but
        so is all of this. The stakes are very high. We can go to the business owners
        in our churches and ask if they would take chances on people to hire them.
        We as the church offer:
            1. The gospel
            2. id's, references, jobs, resume help

Alex: Who do we say we are? Where do we say we are from? Permanance?
Carlos: Living stone church is designed for these people

Action Items:
    connect with other home groups @ ITC 
    Alex & Racheal meeting with home groups from SOMA
    Contact UGM to get specifics on how this will be implemented
    email/phone list
    Ask Phil if we should reference other organizations (UGM, HOC, etc)
    Get master list of locations and provisions
    Follow up with Lydia on getting spokane falls CC involved (they have a budget)
    Ask Phil about freedom to preach gospel, is this not an exclusive deal
